Update handling 3D Secure result docs (#181)
omise/omise-android: docs/3d-secure-v2.md

val intent = Intent(this, AuthorizingPaymentActivity::class.java)
intent.putExtra(AuthorizingPaymentURLVerifier.EXTRA_AUTHORIZED_URLSTRING, AUTHORIZED_URL)
intent.putExtra(AuthorizingPaymentURLVerifier.EXTRA_EXPECTED_RETURN_URLSTRING_PATTERNS, EXPECTED_URL_PATTERNS)
startActivityForResult(intent, AUTHORIZING_PAYMENT_REQUEST_CODE)
```

> After the cardholder completed the authorizing payment process,  the `onActivityResult()` function will be called, you can handle the authorizing payment result there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the cardholder completes the payment authorization process, the `onActivityResult()` function will be called in which you can handle the payment authorization result.
```

```kotlin
override fun onActivityResult(requestCode: Int, resultCode: Int, data: Intent?) {
  super.onActivityResult(requestCode, resultCode, data)
  if (requestCode == AUTHORIZING_PAYMENT_REQUEST_CODE && resultCode == RESULT_OK) {
    val result = data.getParcelableExtra<AuthorizingPaymentResult>(AuthorizingPaymentActivity.EXTRA_AUTHORIZING_PAYMENT_RESULT)
    when (result) {
      is AuthorizingPaymentResult.ThreeDS1Completed -> TODO()
      is AuthorizingPaymentResult.ThreeDS2Completed -> TODO()
      is AuthorizingPaymentResult.Failure -> TODO()
    }
  }
}
```

You can check out the sample implementation in the [CheckoutActivity](../app/src/kotlin/java/co/omise/android/example/CheckoutActivity.kt) class in the sample app. 

> #### Note

> > To check the charge status after completed the authorizing payment process, you can implement [`Client.observeTokenUntilChargeStatusChanged()`](#observing-charge-status-in-the-token) function to observe the charge status changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To check the charge status after the payment authorization process completes, you can implement the [`Client.observeTokenUntilChargeStatusChanged()`](#observing-charge-status-in-the-token) function to observe changes in the charge status.
```

          .build()
```

> You can check out the [UiCustomization](/sdk/src/main/java/co/omise/android/config/UiCustomization.kt) class to see customizable UI elements that you can customize in the challenge flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check out the [UiCustomization](/sdk/src/main/java/co/omise/android/config/UiCustomization.kt) class to see customizable UI elements in the challenge flow.
```

## Observing charge status in the token

> This is an utility function for observing the token until the charge status changed. You can use function for checking the charge status after completed the authorizing payment process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an utility function for observing the token until its charge status changes. You can use this function for checking the charge status after the payment authorization process completes.
```
